Problem statement: Write a program that asks users to answer three riddles. For each riddle, the user will be given an
      item for a correct answer to the riddle. With all three items in hand the user will fight a mighty dragon. During the fight
      the user must block two attacks from the dragon with the appropriate item and then they will get a chance to slay the dragon.
      
      Nouns: riddle, correct answer, item
      Verbs: asks, fight, block

      Defining diagram:
      Inputs: riddle answers, blocks
      Processes: determine if answers and blocks are correct.
      Output: items received, blocks correct, dragon slain.

      Solution Algorithm:
      DragonSlayer
        Initialize riddle1
        Initialize riddle2
        Initialize riddle3
        Initialize riddleAnswer1
        Initialize riddleAnswer2
        Initialize riddleAnswer3
        Initialize attack1
        Initialize attack2
        Initialize block1
        Initialize block2
        Initialize message
        
        WHILE riddle1 does not equal riddleAnswer1
          Prompt for riddle1 with "what is your answer to the riddle?"
          IF riddle1 equals riddleAnswer1 THEN user recieves item
            ELSE ask user to try again
          ENDIF
        ENDWHILE
        
        WHILE riddle2 does not equal riddleAnswer2
          Prompt for riddle2 with "what is your answer to the riddle?"
          IF riddle2 equals riddleAnswer2 THEN user recieves item
            ELSE ask user to try again
          ENDIF
        ENDWHILE
        
        WHILE riddle3 does not equal riddleAnswer3
          Prompt for riddle3 with "what is your answer to the riddle?"
          IF riddle3 equals riddleAnswer3 THEN user recieves item
            ELSE ask user to try again
          ENDIF
        ENDWHILE
        
        WHILE attack1 does not equal block1
          Prompt for attack1 with "do you use the shield or the ice wall spell to block?"
          IF attack1 equals block1 THEN user blocks attack and moves on to attack2
            ELSE user dies and must respawn from save point
          ENDIF
        ENDWHILE
        
        WHILE attack2 does not equal block2
          Prompt for attack2 with "do you use the shield or the ice wall spell to block?"
          IF attack2 equals block2 THEN user blocks attack and slays the dragon
            ELSE user dies and must respawn from save point
          ENDIF
        ENDWHILE
      END
      
      Test plan 1:
      
      Inputs: a die, fire, a name, shield, ice wall spell
      
      Expected output: Congratulations, You have slain the dragon!
      
      Actual output: Congratulations, You have slain the dragon!
      
      Test plan 2: 
      
      Inputs: 7
      
      Expected output: that answer is wrong, please try again.
      
      Actual output: that answer is wrong, please try again.
      
      Test plan 3:
      
      Inputs: a die, fire, a name, mlep
      
      Expected output: the dragon's claw breaks through the ice wall and grabs you, you are meow food. resetting to save point.
      
      Actual output: the dragon's claw breaks through the ice wall and grabs you, you are meow food. resetting to save point.
      
      Test plan 4:
      
      Inputs: a die, fire, a name, shield, shield
      
      Expected output: the dragon's breath burns you alive in your armor. resetting to save point.
      
      Actual output: the dragon's breath burns you alive in your armor. resetting to save point.